optimize overview page (#2067)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-dashboard-ent/4.cluster-operator/1.overview.md

# Cluster overview

This topic introduces the **Overview** page of Dashboard.

## Entry

1. At the top navigation bar of the Dashboard Enterprise Edition page, click **Cluster Management**.
2. lick **Detail** on the right of the cluster management page to check the overview of a specified cluster.

## Overview

The **Overview** page has the following parts:

- Cluster key information
- Cluster topology
- Node monitoring
- Service monitoring

### Cluster key information

In the cluster key information, the following information is displayed.

- Cluster health score: Displays the health of the cluster on a percentage basis. It is refreshed every 5 minutes, or immediately if there is an emergency level alarm. The calculation formula can be configured in the **Cluster Diagnostics** page.
- Monitoring nodes: Shows the number of online nodes/total number of nodes.
- Monitoring services: Shows the number of online services/total number of services. Different types of services are displayed separately.

> - Cluster information: Display cluster name, create time, creator, version, owner and version upgrade portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cluster information: Displays the cluster name, create time, creator, version, owner, and version upgrade portal.
```
